1)MAHARASTRIAN Food
pav bhaji - pav bhaji is a fast food dish from the indian state of maharashtra. it is a vegetable-based curry served with a soft bread roll called pav. it is a fast food dish from the indian state of maharashtra. it is a vegetable-based curry served with a soft bread roll called pav.
pithla Bhkari - pithla bhakri is a traditional maharashtrian dish made with rice flour and jaggery. it is a traditional maharashtrian dish made with rice flour and jaggery.
vada pav - vada pav is a fast food dish from the indian state of maharashtra. it is a fast food dish from the indian state of maharashtra.
modak - modak is a sweet dumpling made from rice flour and stuffed with coconut and jaggery. it is a sweet dumpling made from rice flour and stuffed with coconut and jaggery.
2)south indian food
idli - idli is a type of savoury rice cake, originating from the indian subcontinent, popular as breakfast foods in southern india. it is a type of savoury rice cake, originating from the indian subcontinent, popular as breakfast foods in southern india.
dosa sambar - dosa is a type of pancake from the indian subcontinent, made from a fermented batter. it is a type of pancake from the indian subcontinent, made from a fermented batter.
rassam - rassam is a soup or stew originating from the indian subcontinent. it is a soup or stew originating from the indian subcontinent.
chiroti - chiroti is a traditional south indian snack made from rice flour. it is a traditional south indian snack made from rice flour.
3)north indian food
butter chicken - butter chicken is a chicken dish originating from the indian subcontinent. it is a chicken dish originating from the indian subcontinent.
chole bhature - chole bhature is a north indian dish consisting of chole and bhatura. it is a north indian dish consisting of chole and bhatura.
lacha paratha -     lacha paratha is a type of unleavened flatbread from the indian subcontinent. it is a type of unleavened flatbread from the indian subcontinent.
gulab jamun - gulab jamun is a milk-solid-based sweet from the indian subcontinent. it is a milk-solid-based sweet from the indian subcontinent.
4)punjabi food
chana masala - chana masala is a dish of chickpeas in a spiced sauce. it is a dish of chickpeas in a spiced sauce.
lacha paratha - lacha paratha is a type of unleavened flatbread from the indian subcontinent. it is a type of unleavened flatbread from the indian subcontinent.
chicken tikka - chicken tikka is a dish of chunks of chicken marinated in yogurt and spices and then broiled or grilled. it is a dish of chunks of chicken marinated in yogurt and spices and then broiled or grilled.
kala jamun - kala jamun is a type of jamun, a milk-solid-based sweet from the indian subcontinent. it is a type of jamun, a milk-solid-based sweet from the indian subcontinent.
5)rajasthani food
dal bati churma - dal bati churma is a rajasthani dish consisting of dal, bati and churma. it is a rajasthani dish consisting of dal, bati and churma.
gatte ki sabji - gatte ki sabji is a rajasthani dish consisting of gatte and sabji. it is a rajasthani dish consisting of gatte and sabji.
ghevar - ghevar is a type of dessert originating from the indian subcontinent. it is a type of dessert originating from the indian subcontinent.
kabuli - kabuli is a type of dessert originating from the indian subcontinent. it is a type of dessert originating from the indian subcontinent.